Make COCOTB_REDUCED_LOG_FMT enabled by default (#2619)
cocotb/cocotb: documentation/source/newsfragments/2564.change.rst

> Make :envvar:`COCOTB_REDUCED_LOG_FMT` enabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shorter log lines (configurable with :envvar:`COCOTB_REDUCED_LOG_FMT`) are now the default.
```

Reviewer 2: Can we add a second sentence: "For wider log output, similar to previous cocotb releases, set the COCOTB_REDUCED_LOG_FMT environment variable to 0."

Author: ```suggestion
Shorter log lines (configurable with :envvar:`COCOTB_REDUCED_LOG_FMT`) are now the default. For wider log output, similar to previous cocotb releases, set the :envvar:`COCOTB_REDUCED_LOG_FMT` environment variable to ``0``.
```
